user cases


name: display buy and sell strategy


Description: After the user selects a stock for analysis. The system will provide buy and sell strategies for the user.


Primary actor: user


Pre-conditions: user has selected a stock for analysis


Post conditions: User chooses buy and sell strategies provided by the system.


Main success scenario: 
1. System processes data gathered from the selected stock to determine the appropriate buy and sell strategies from a list initialized with buy and sell strategies
2. The system will then display the buy and sell strategies to the user
3. The user chooses a buy and sell strategy








name: create tentative portfolio


description: The user creates a tentative portfolio containing stocks they have selected along with their corresponding buy and sell strategies.


Primary actor: user


pre-conditions: User has selected a stock for analysis, as well as choosing a buy and sell strategy for that stock that was provided by the system.


post conditions: The user is able to store the selected stock and strategy inside a portfolio.


Main success scenario:
1. User selects an option to create a tentative portfolio
2. The system will create an empty portfolio
3. User chooses stocks and strategies to store inside the portfolio
4. The system will store the selected stocks and corresponding strategies inside the portfolio
5. system will save the portfolio to a txt file that can be retrieved by both system and user.




user stories


name: display buy and sell strategies


actor: user


description: System processes the data gathered from the selected stock to appropriate the correct buy and sell strategies. The buy and sell strategies will be selected from a list containing multiple buy and sell strategies. The system will then display the selected buy and sell strategies for the use to choose.








name: create tentative portfolio


actor: user


description: The user is given the option to create a tentative portfolio to store all of their selected stocks and corresponding strategies. The system will create a list and store the selected stocks and their corresponding strategies in a dictionary which will be loaded into the list. The user will be able to access the list and view its contents.
